I will come back my student I hope you're having an awesome day.
It's a very sunny day here.
And you know I almost did not make it today to make this video but I did.
And it's really good.
So I feel good.
Let's go ahead and it.
Let's start building there's a little more.
The next thing we do need right here is to actually read some data from the database.
Now if you don't remember where we are because you probably watched that last very long time ago we've
skipped some some information coming from the forum.
We went inside the database here to make a connection and we are checking on this column right here
for a default value.
And now we are going to be displaying it.
All right does the full value.
We went into the database last time and we inserted that right here as you can see the 22 characters
and the cost parameter.
And I told you to go to the lecture on secure under the section security for the lecture on the crypt
function on the password encryption on the course itself.
All right so you can go to the security section.
But anyway hopefully you followed my advice from The Last Lecture and did that.
Let's go ahead and continue this.
So let's create a while loop right
right here.
Wow that was completely backwards.
Right.
And then my ask you why we're going to use fetch array.
And we going to be fetching this information right here.
This variable result set.
And let's go ahead and echo it out let's see if it works.
Now I think that actually won't work because if I'm forgetting something I'm going to show you in a
minute.
I just thought about it the column is called Rande sold in the database.
All right.
So this won't work.
The reason is because we don't have anything there.
Even though we have a default value here.
The problem is that we have some old old roads that let me just browse and show you these or all the
rows that have they don't have that value.
They don't have that default value because we made this before.
So anything that we make now will have that for value.
So if I go back to the
two men let's try to log in right here recall and go into trees a password to get in.
If we go back to users
Let's go see the users and I say I don't know one last name or whatever.
And literally that's what I'm going to write.
Use a name whatever email whatever it even for misspelling it.
No worry about it.
And so on password right.
And then the user and I think we should put something here to let us know that user was at it right.
I think we're going to do that next time.
I don't know.
And let's go ahead and check it out.
So we see that we had of use or whatever and now we have that Ron salt added to it.
So now we can see some data.
All right.
So let's go back here and now.
All right so we can see some data.
Let's go back to the forum
site and we need to actually we also a link here to take it to this page because it's tedious to do
this by hand right.
Registration as you can see here registration that be some reason taking too long to load registration.
You know we don't know what happened there but so if I click on registration and register you can see
that we get some value automatically from the database.
All right.
So I think that's it for this lecture here on the next one we're going to create a link here and do
some more things with the password encryption.
All right.
So thank you so much for watching.
And I see you in the next lecture